hecl-abahl
 The Account hecl-abahl doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-abahlold
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-abahlold 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-abahlold doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-ajay
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-ajay 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-ajay doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-akagarwal
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-akagarwal 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-akagarwal doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-akhurana
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-akhurana 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-akhurana doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-amardeep
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-amardeep 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-amardeep doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-anoopb
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-anoopb 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-anoopb doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-aschowdhary
 The Account hecl-aschowdhary doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-aschowdhary1
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-aschowdhary1 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-aschowdhary1 doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-awasson
 The Account hecl-awasson doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-bikram
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-bikram 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-bikram doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-chandan
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-chandan 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-chandan doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-dpctest
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-dpctest 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-dpctest doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-dpvaidya
 The Account hecl-dpvaidya doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-dsingh
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-dsingh 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-dsingh doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-dverma
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-dverma 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-dverma doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-ekta
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-ekta 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-ekta doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-esrivastava
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-esrivastava 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-esrivastava doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-gurbir
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-gurbir 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-gurbir doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-hpov
 The Account hecl-hpov doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-isgcs
 The Account hecl-isgcs doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-isgcsint
 The Account hecl-isgcsint doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-jdave
 The Account hecl-jdave doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-kapil
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-kapil 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-kapil doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-kapilpant
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-kapilpant 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-kapilpant doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-khanna
 The Account hecl-khanna doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-khanna1
 The Account hecl-khanna1 doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-khanna2
 The Account hecl-khanna2 doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-krish
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-krish 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-krish doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-krishold
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-krishold 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-krishold doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-lkhanna
 The Account hecl-lkhanna doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-mantony
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-mantony 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-mantony doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-mgarg
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-mgarg 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-mgarg doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-mgulati
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-mgulati 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-mgulati doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-mns
 The Account hecl-mns doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-nchawla
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-nchawla 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-nchawla doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-nestletest
 The Account hecl-nestletest doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-npsingh
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-npsingh 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-npsingh doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-nyagnik
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-nyagnik 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-nyagnik doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-opsingh
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-opsingh 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-opsingh doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-pnehra
 The Account hecl-pnehra doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-psarkar
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-psarkar 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-psarkar doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-psingh
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-psingh 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-psingh doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-rameshs
 The Account hecl-rameshs doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-ruchir
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-ruchir 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-ruchir doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-samsung
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-samsung 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-samsung has qmvc entry 
hecl-sbhambri
 The Account hecl-sbhambri doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-sbhatt
 The Account hecl-sbhatt doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-sganguly
 The Account hecl-sganguly doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-sitatest
 The Account hecl-sitatest doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-speer
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-speer 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-speer has qmvc entry 
hecl-srivals
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-srivals 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-srivals doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-t123
 The Account hecl-t123 doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-talismatest
 The Account hecl-talismatest doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-test1
 The Account hecl-test1 doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-test12
 The Account hecl-test12 doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-test123
 The Account hecl-test123 doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-test13
 The Account hecl-test13 doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-test2
 The Account hecl-test2 doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-test9
 The Account hecl-test9 doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-test99
 The Account hecl-test99 doesn't have .qmail file 
 the file is copied 
hecl-test_test
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-test_test 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-test_test doesn't have qmvc entry 
hecl-vbhambhani
 The .qmail file is present in hecl-vbhambhani 
 The .qmail file of account hecl-vbhambhani doesn't have qmvc entry 
